Amazon
New: Just like it sounds. A brand-new, unused, unread copy in perfect condition. The dust cover and original protective wrapping, if any, are intact. All supplementary materials are included and all access codes for electronic material, if applicable, are valid and/or in working condition.
Used - Like New: Dust cover is intact, with no nicks or tears. Spine has no signs of creasing. Pages are clean and not marred by notes or folds of any kind. May contain remainder marks on outside edges, which should be noted in listing comments.
Used - Very Good: Pages and dust cover are intact and not marred by notes or highlighting. The spine is undamaged.
Used - Good: All pages and cover are intact (including the dust cover, if applicable). Spine may show signs of wear. Pages may include limited notes and highlighting. May include “From the library of” labels.
Used - Acceptable: All pages and the cover are intact, but the dust cover may be missing. Pages may include limited notes and highlighting, but the text cannot be obscured or unreadable.
Unacceptable: Includes missing pages and obscured or unreadable text. We also do not permit the sale of advance reading copies, including uncorrected proofs, of in-print or not-yet-published books.




BRAND NEW: The book is new, unread, and unused in perfect condition with no missing or damaged pages.

LIKE NEW:  The book looks new/almost new but may have been read. The cover has little to no visible wear, and the dust jacket (if applicable) is included for hard covers.

VERY GOOD: The book does not look new and has been read but is in excellent condition. There is no obvious damage to the cover. The dust jacket, if included for hard covers, has very little to no obvious damage. From our sight review, it has no apparent missing or damaged pages, no creases or tears, or other page issues.

GOOD: The book has been read but is in good condition. It has very minimal damage to the cover, including scuff marks, but no holes or tears. If it has a dust jacket, it has minimal damage. The binding has minimal wear. From our sight review, the majority of pages are undamaged with minimal creasing or tearing, no apparent pages missing, minimal pencil underlining of text, highlighting of text, and writing in the margins.  (This book may have library tags/labels on covers and jackets, stamps inside covers and other inside/outside cover markings but everything else as described above.)
​
ACCEPTABLE: The book has obvious wear. It may have some damage to the cover, but its integrity is intact. The binding may be slightly damaged, but its integrity is still intact. From our sight review, there may be possible writing in the margins and underlining and highlighting of text, possible missing pages (but not likely), or anything that would compromise the legibility or understanding of the text.  (This book may have library tags/labels on covers and jackets, stamps inside covers and other inside/outside cover markings but everything else as described above.)